Cam Newton
With arguably the best keeper in the draft in Todd Gurley, Newton got a headstart on a solid roster, but relying on the atrocious Colts offense could prove fatal. Ancient Frank Gore as an RB2 may work if the Colts can get to the redzone, but that will require the O-line to give Luck a second to throw.
Aaron Rodgers
Once again afraid to spend early in the draft has this team looking really solidly mediocre. If Foster can return to his old form and Julio Jones stays on the field all year, Aaron could see another playoff birth in his future
Lesean McCoy
With some eyebrow raising keeper selections at the draft, Larry managed to put together a formidable squad with some massive spending early in the draft. If Eddie Lacy returns to his slimmer self and Lamar Miller gets the space to shine in Houston, this team could cause some upsets all year
DeAndre Hopkins
The draft definitly didnt go Kevin's way as he watched eveyone spend spend spend as he waited out the mayhem only to realize there were no running backs left. But with the overwhelming favorite for top scorer (AB) on his roster once again, Kevin should be able to avoid the Sacko
Adrian Peterson
The no running back draft strategy may work out for Adrienne if a waiver wire player appears in the first few weeks, but if Leveon comes back and DeAngelo Williams sits before that happens, there arent many options for a plan B
LeVeon Bell
It doesnt fucking matter how poorly Leveon drafts, he'll still fucking win...
Tom Brady
Coming off his first fantasy championship, Joshua put together a solid roster. Returning to the team for another go at a ring are David Johnson, Allen Robinson, Thomas Rawls, Demaryius Thomas, Travis Kelce, and the Broncos D/ST. If the end of the year success continues, this team could be a massive force all year.
Rob Gronkowski
3 monster keepers have this team looking very top heavy. But when you have 3 of the consensus top 10 picks on your roster in a 12 team league, holes like Theo Riddick dont seem so gaping.
Demaryius Thomas
The Redskins fan is all in on the Cowboys this year. And with them being led by rookie QB Dak Prescott in the early stages of the season, this could get ugly fast. But you cannot deny the talent this roster has stocked. Time will tell if talent outweighs a bad situation.
Allen Robinson
Coming in hot with the all injured and suspended All Pro team. The names are huge, the talent is there; but can they stop smoking weed and breaking legs long enough for Chris to make another championship run?
